so you've read the title but before I'm
going to show you all of my results
where I tested all of the best NVIDIA
drivers for system latency and average
FPS I also want to tell you guys how you
can check this specifically on your PC
because you are right now watching this
you probably have a whole entire
different PC build than I have that fact
makes sense that you actually double
check this on your PC to see if this
driver is actually the best one just
because they are drivers who overall
work the best for the majority of people
it doesn't mean that it has to work the
best for your specific PC so therefore
guys I utilized two tools here so guys
and for the first tool we're going to
utilize latency mod this is by the way
the website to it link to it in the
video description just simply go on the
download and then you can see the first
option then you're going to scroll down
a little bit and then here you have the
download laty monitor 731 which is the
latest version so guys and once the tool
itself is running we have a few
indicators something like the current
measured interrupt to DPC latency is
basically showing us how many micros
seconds it needs for a hardware
interrupt to be processed on our Windows
PC Hardware interrupt as an example
could be your mouse and your keyboard
which are arguably the most important
for free building in fortnite or
basically having the least amount of
delay so you want to have this number as
low as possible guys and this is also
what you should Benchmark for it's also
going to show you the highest measured
one so therefore whenever you try out
different NVIDIA drivers you always want
to make sure to check both of these
numbers here they're going to give you
the highest indicator of how responsive
your system actually is now as an
example if you want to actually
Benchmark fortnite I would highly
recommend you to turn down your
processes as low as possible for me as
an example I've WR your OBS running and
all of that stuff which I simply need to
make this video but usually I would have
around 60 processes if I have like my
audio software for my goxlr and OBS
everything turned off and you want to
have the processes as low as possible
under your windows I even made a
specific guide about this by the way
which I just want to link right now here
if your number is anywhere close to
something like 160 200 300 you should
definitely watch that video before you
do this but yeah as mentioned you want
to reduce the processes to an absolute
minimum which I also did by the way for
the benchmarks itself and then you're
going to click here under this green
start button launch fortnite in the
background freebuild for maybe like a
minute or something like that and then
it's going to show you here your
indicator numbers and then once you
hopped into fortnite and you maybe
freebuild for a little bit you're going
to click here under stop and it's going
to tell you your current interrupt
latency and the highest measured one
guys and these two values as mentioned
you actually want to compare when trying
out different drivers I'm not going to
disable all the processes actually on my
PC so I make sure that there are no
other Hardware interrupts or even
software interrupts so that I can make
sure that there are not any other
interrupts which could actually INF
fluctuate this number because I want to
see straight up how good this PC is
performing on the current driver as
mentioned just simply let this run the
background while playing fortnite come
back to this and click the stop now in
order to actually get the same Benchmark
which I have we're going to utilize MSI
after burnner this is usually a
overclocking tool but it also has a
built-in monitoring tool which is
basically going to give us the GPU
temperature the usage and everything
like that but what we actually want to
mainly Focus around guys is the Riva
tuna this is a service which you can
install as well while going through the
installation process for MSI After
Burner after you have it on your PC you
want to make sure that you show onscreen
display you want to make sure that you
copy all of my settings which I have
right now here go on the setup and then
here as well make sure to enable
everything enable frame time display
maximum frame rate display integer frame
rate and this is basically going to give
you all of the graph Swit I have guys
I'm just going to go through it here
real quick you can make sure to copy
everything step by step here and it's
going to give you overall Benchmark of
the average lowest and highest FPS so
guys and I tested now three different
drivers version
5467 and
55222 and first of all let's take a look
at the interrupt to DPC latency or
basically Hardware interrupts or how
responsive my system is and I have two
different values current one and highest
and I'm going to put right now here on
screen all of the results which I got
guys and you can see as an example that
on version
54758 I got the highest one so at any
given time the interrupt latency was 70
microc which is so much more in
comparison than on the two other ones
you can definitely say that when it
comes down to inter latency driver
5467 was the best one but was it also
the best one in terms of FPS because I
tested of course as well the average on
FPS and the highest FPS CED I was trying
to freebuild while not looking into the
sky because everyone knows whenever you
freebuild when you look into the sky it
just randomly spikes into the thousands
of FPS so therefore I Tred to avoid this
guys very hard actually just trying to
freebuild naturally because there's so
many people will look into the sky while
doing these benchmarks and they're like
oh yeah I'm getting 1,000 FPS but when
they freebuild it drops all the way down
to like 300 and here again guys I
benchmarked it for all three of them and
actually the best average FPS I also got
on driver
5467 and the highest measure you can't
really take because as mentioned as soon
as you look for like a second into the
sky guys going to get like crazy FPS but
I still put it right now your on screen
you can see the driver
54758 had like the highest FPS over but
as mentioned guys you can just simply
stare into the sky for like one 2
seconds so therefore we're going to take
the average one and it was noticeably
better on 5
46.7 the second best driver overall was
55222 and the worst one was actually
54758 where a lot of people on the
internet say that this one is actually
really good and I'm quite sure that
there's 100% any system out there where
this driver performs really well this is
what I showed you in the previous step
guys how to actually Benchmark this on
your specific system because this is
going to tell you which driver is
actually the best one for your Hardware
but always whenever you test out a new
driver at least compare it with the most
upto-date Nvidia one and of course guys
the most important part is as well your
pay this is why you see fncs winners
like marrow Asian Chef and many more
Pros use J up booster the best part is
with my link in description you can
actually try it out for absolutely free
guys J booster is going to look for the
best DNS server in your near always
making sure that you have the lowest and
most stable ping even if you already
have really good ping guys it's still
worth it because it's going to make it
way more consistent the J booster is
going to actively in the background
search for the best DNS servers always
making sure that you have the best
connection to fortnite as mentioned
check it out for absolutely free with
the link in the description guys so guys
now I'm going to show you how you can
literally install any driver manually on
your PC the easiest way it's going to
automatically remove everything from
your previous driver which you have
already pre-installed and I'm going to
show you on top how to deblo your driver
because there's actually so much
software which Nvidia usually downloads
as well which you don't even need guys
so first of all click you and then
manually select the driver version and
then you can see you have all the
previous versions well theoretically not
all of them because we're sure all
versions you can see even more older
versions but keep in mind guys they have
issues running on Windows 11 so if
you're running Windows 11 I would
actually just only leave here the normal
ones which we have here so let's say as
an example that we want to install the
latest driver now here yeah we have
desktop and Studio DCH is basically a
compability mode that it's already
optimized and that you should have no
issues even if it doesn't say DCH you
can still utilize it guys just simply
look out for desktop or if you use a
laptop of course laptop I would not
touch the studio drivers actually and
then we can see now select components to
install so for me as an example I'm
going to click now under recommended and
you can see only display driver is
actually required physics X you need for
multiple games HD audio via HDMI is only
if you actually utilize it on a TV let's
say as an example if you actually want
to use HDMI cable to get some audio out
of something you know like out of your
monitor if it has speakers maybe if you
like to play I don't know Forza or
something like that and you like to
utilize the buildt in speakers then for
the rest you don't really need most of
this here only like frame view SDK
sometimes but for most people this
anyway is going to get reinstalled if
you actually utilize application which
needs that the same as well with
Microsoft visuals this one as well gets
automatically installed whenever you get
like a steam game or something like that
but what you really want to care about
is GeForce experience components guys
virtual audio telary Shadow play GeForce
experience and all of these here I don't
really need them I do everything manual
on my PC and the main problem with them
is do you see how many processes this
already is and this is just the Nvidia
app now imagine you would have GeForce
experience and all of them running in
the background that would be easily like
at least 20 25 processes in total and
this also due to the fact that here I
already disabled some of them so what I
do usually is I only check these two
here on the top and the rest I do
manually I'm going to show you we're
going to use a specific tool which is
designed for NVIDIA gpus so we're not
going to utilize G experience or the
Nvidia app but now we're going to click
on next and it's going to copy now all
of the data which we need for the
current driver okay guys and now you can
see installation twixs this is now what
gets interesting first of all disable
all telary and advertising perform a
clean installation if you have a
previous driver installed most of you
are probably going to have this so
therefore make sure this is checked but
next up we're going to move over to show
exper tweaks and in here now as well
also the disabled driver telary disabled
Nvidia HD audio also don't need it as
mentioned I don't utilize HDMI or
anything like that or any sort of Nvidia
voice AI they have tons of AI modes
which are all no built into this but
since I have most of it in my go XLR or
OBS this is not really important for me
and if you're a com player you probably
also don't need it then guys enable the
MSI mode this is basically the same
thing like MSI utility V3 you can see
interupt policy leave it on default and
just simply make sure to put it on high
now next up guys this mode here is
actually from from the 1900s this is
such an old Tech bro I remember this
this was like invented actually by Intel
or something it was back then to
actually sort of like prevent you from
making like a copy of a movie or
something like that like this is
insanely old thing it doesn't even work
anymore I don't know why it's still
pre-installed on Nvidia like this is
something from like the mid to end 2000s
guys like this is super relevant make
sure that it's disabled and then we
already good to go basically click on
the next guys and then you should see
installation of tweaks now it says
finish you guys and what's pretty cool
is you can install it either on your PC
or if you want to do this for a second
PC or give it to a friend you can
actually build a package so you can make
like an install. x file but now just
simply click on install and it's going
to get automatically applied on your PC
so what we need for this next step now
guys is the Nvidia profile inspector
this is the tool which we're going to
utilize which doesn't have the annoying
Nvidia app GeForce experience and all of
that and the best part about it is it's
not running 24/7 on your PC just simply
click here on Nvidia profile inspector
and then you're going to get the zip
file once you got it here just simply
drag it onto your desktop and in here
now we have a bunch of options we can
either apply a global driver profile for
basically all games or you could even
search out specific games like fortnite
and then it's going to tell you here
fortnite Windows 604 shipping xer and it
should be marked green then you know
that you actually selected the right
exit and once we got it running guys and
you selected fortnite as an example
those are the best Universal settings
which you can straight up copy first of
all on the gsync make sure to put it
application mode on off application
requested state to force off application
State itself to disallow guys super
important that you actually don't put it
to force off but actually this then
Global feature on off global mode on off
as well preferred refresh rate of course
on the highest aable then vertical sync
forced off unless you're using 60 to 75
HZ this sometimes vertical syn can
actually help if you have screen touring
other than that also Force off then for
analizing guys fxa enabled you're going
to put on disallowed then off off on
gamma correction basically just lighting
the rest you can straight up copy here
one to one then under texture filtering
guys you're going to make sure to put
anistropic optimization on on this helps
basically to reload textures and all of
that stuffff sample optimization on on
as well filtering mode on userdefined SL
off then prevent anti trophic filtering
on on since we actually want to prevent
it since we want to Simply go for the
best performance and texture filtering
quality on high performance then you're
basically already set apply these
changes real quick close your Nvidia
profile inspector and now you can hop
into fortnite